Ticket channel cc (#240)
yagpdb-cc/yagpdb-cc: website/docs/utilities/ticket-channel.md

---
title: Ticket Channel
---

> Takes all messages sent in a specified channel, creates a ticket owned by the user who sent it and witht the message as the reason, and deletes the original message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a ticket owned by the user who sent it and with the message as the reason, and deletes the original message.
```
See my above comment.

:::caution

Make sure you have the tickets system set up first.

:::

## Trigger

**Type:** `Regex`<br />
**Trigger:** `\A`<br />

> **Additional options:** Be sure to restrict it to only run in a specified channel

Reviewer: Please put more stress on this, as it is more a requirement than an option.
Consider using a warning block.

Author: Warning block instead of, or in addition to?
